hello everyone its Alena and I'm back
with another Cambridge vlog it's
Wednesday today so I don't have any
classes because my schedule changed this
year so technically it's like a free day
but we have to work so it's not really
free
but yeah so what I did today I already
is I did a few readings and I worked in
a problem question for total which is
almost done which I'm proud of so this
is what I've done so far because I'm
doing this hand written because they
want us to do more stuff by hand so I
wrote this and this and basically I just
need to finish this like last pot and
then I'm done that's great so problem
questions we get this a lot and it's
like just like a scenario where like a
few people you know do some stuff and
and you have to like examine whether
they have any claims and I just like
planned it out on my iPad and I just
printed up so that is easier for me to
just like you know refer to it when I
write it and then I put all of this on
paper so yeah this is almost done and
I'm just gonna hand it in and
unfortunately my headphones broke this
morning Chris Chris that but I called
customer support and guys both customer
support is so nice like they're sending
me new ones
um and I can't believe it like that's
incredibly nice of them so yeah and
although my headphones broke which is
very sad because I need them to study
because there's like noise cancelling
one and I get really distracted if
there's like a person in the library
you'd like types very loudly like I get
very distracted by that so yeah I'm
really hoping they're gonna come really
soon so yeah but despite that I'm
actually having a really really good
week and that's because one of her
friends surprised me yesterday and I
wasn't vlogging yesterday but when I
picked up this like huge parcel at the
porters Lodge I decided I'm gonna film
the unpacking of that because I wasn't
really sure what it was but I thought it
could be interesting so yeah enjoy that
footage
why am I getting get I don't know okay
five hours later okay so I have this
friend here from Cambridge and I let him
stay with me over winter break if he can
go home and just like wanted to thank me
and so he like got me some gift it was
pretty cute I don't know what this is
but okay I do a bit of unwrapping with
bulimia okay for like you know like when
you have like a kitchen with basically
no equipment which is what I need
because I literally own a kettle and
that's it and my biggest cooking skill
is making mock noodles so yeah
definitely in need of it and he liked
really like noisy I put like a note on
it because my mom like always jokes
about the fact that I can cook and she
apparently told him that I've gotten
really excited about one of these
cookbooks which is true so now I own one
which means that might actually be
forced to like cook for my friends not
sure if they would want to eat that but
oh my god she looks pretty good so yeah
maybe maybe there's gonna be cooking
with milena Surrey
okay yes I mean you probably know about
this semester's YouTube channel about
Lucas the spider which is this very very
cute spider with like huge eyes and I
don't know like watch it
it's like 30-second clips and it's
adorable and my friend got me this mug
which is pink which is so fitting and it
has the spider on it and yeah now I
actually have a second mug for my
friends only to bring their own mouth
anymore which is great oh my god okay
guys so if you don't know this um I have
a rabid literally the cutest rabid ever
and I have a lot of pictures of her on
my blog and I always said I wanted to
print a picture from my blog on a canvas
and you know put it up because they have
some pictures which I'm very very proud
of because a lot of creative work went
into it but I never did it I don't know
why and I guess I told my friend about
this and so he went to my blog so much
the entire vlog for like all the
pictures from my rabbit and then you
realized he didn't know which one I
wanted so you just like pick the one for
it was I don't know which one it is but
this is gonna be interesting guys oh my
god nobody has ever done three-night
this for me this is a very good picture
of my rabbit oh my god my rabbit was a
lot younger back then um but she's still
um this small and I remember like I put
her in a bag and I like shot little
photos I'm not sure my rabbit was as
excited about that as I was but anyway
oh my god this is so cute oh my god
ain't you thank you so so much
nobody has ever done something so sweet
for me
thank you I literally has the best
friends ever I honestly overwhelmed but
yeah thank you yeah that surprise gift
definitely made my week and now I'm
gonna do a few more readings because I
have a civil law supervision on Friday
and I'm gonna finish this last paragraph
here but it's finally done um so that I
can hand it in and then I have a meeting
for legal methodology and skills from
4:00 to 6:00 so this is a half paper
which you have to do if you study law at
Cambridge and basically you have free of
these two-hour sessions and then you
have to write an essay which is just
pass or fail and then it's done so
there's no like you know real exam or
anything it's just that essay and that's
it so yeah gonna go for that and then my
friend and I we're gonna meet up and
we're gonna have dinner together so yeah
let's do it and my problem question is
done so I can just hand this in when I'm
walking to the faculty for my legal
methodology and skills class so that's
great and then my supervisor will just
give it back to me within like a week
and it's already time to go for my first
class of legal skills and methodologies
so yeah let's see how that one goes
I managed to finish my problem question
and start some of my readings for civil
law so that's great and I'm just gonna
hand my problem question in on the way
to develop our co team okay so we
finished our legal knowledge and skills
was actually great and the woman who
like told it was a PhD student and she
was goals right so I want yes like she
was really amazing so yeah and then we
went to Sainsbury's naked pictures away
and I might I might join the healthy
lifestyle now who knows now that I have
a cooking book I do yeah oh I need to
show you my unpacking so but yeah but I
also bought it's also like unhealthy
appetizer
thank you so much for cooking news find
me some healthy put in your life I was
actually planning to make care to
McDonald's I stopped you though I
stopped you I'm stopping you from dying
and pretty much with this yes I like
today I'm eating healthy oh yes good
morning everybody its first day and I'm
coming outside because there's some
construction work in my room and like
not in my room it's actually outside but
it's super super loud and you couldn't
hear me and in very self-conscious of
filming outside because probably
everybody fixham kind of weird for
walking around with camera about
whatever and it's really really nice
here because it kind of snow tour at
Lisa's like Frost so yeah yeah I really
like what it looks like now so yeah I'm
on my way to lectures now I've got two
lectures an hour in between so I'm just
gonna work in that hour and then I'm
going to university library to study
because I have a supervision tomorrow
and I really really need to get it done
um so yeah gotta do a lot of civil law
this afternoon and yeah I'm probably
gonna do about any university library
because I really really like the
university library like I've only
recently discovered to reading room like
the main reading room but it's really
nice
so yeah that's probably where I'm gonna
spend my afternoon
[Music]
and as much later in the day now so I
already had dinner and I did a few more
readings but I was super productive in
the university library which really
surprised me because I didn't have my
headphones of me
so I didn't have anything to cancel out
the noises but it was fine
luckily I didn't sit next to anybody who
was like typing very audibly so I was
good but nonetheless I didn't get
distracted and yeah maybe I've overcome
that challenge you know like after two
years of only studying with noise
cancelling headphones so yeah maybe it
paid off
I don't know so yeah that's good because
I got a lot done so now I'm probably
just gonna take a quick shower and then
as a few more readings for civil law and
then I'll just you know chill evening
and then I'll do my supervision
questions tomorrow morning because I
like to do my supervision questions on
the day of my supervision if possible
because it's just you know like
refreshes the content of what you read
in your mind because you like have to
apply it to your questions and so you
then walk into the supervision a lot
better prepared then had you done these
questions like three days ago because
you just don't remember it and I think
this was so much easier way of like
revising the content for supervision so
that's why I like to do them on the day
after supervision so yeah that's pretty
much the plan for my evening and yeah
then I'll probably see you guys tomorrow
morning good morning everybody it's 8
o'clock now so I'm gonna head out and go
for breakfast and then I have two
lectures and their respective back so I
don't have any break in between and I'm
gonna finish my lectures by 11 o'clock
and then I'll probably just you know
head to the store and drop off my
headphones because I need to send them
in so but they can send me new ones and
after that I've got some really exciting
coming up because we were doing a march
for Peter buyer who is a student at
Cambridge and he's currently detained
without charges in South Sudan and
that's why I came which University
Amnesty International is organizing a
march for him and I'm gonna go there
because obviously I'm on a committee of
amnesty and this is something that's
really important to me so we really hope
that you raise awareness with
but the weather is very good because
right now it's kind of snowing and kind
of raining it's this weird mix like you
know it looks like snowflakes but like
as soon as it hits the ground it's like
it's just wet like this is what it looks
like outside right now so there's a bit
of snow but most of it just turns into
water as soon as it reaches the ground
so yeah but yeah that's pretty much the
plan for today um and yeah also guys I
got this like jewelry in the mail and
it's a freebie um I don't think this is
something I would like choose myself
like if I were in a store but I actually
quite liked it so I decided to just put
it on yeah I'm surprised that I got a
freebie in the mail um never expect that
that's happen but yeah and so yeah
that's that um so now I'm gonna head out
go for my lectures and then I'll go for
Anna March
[Music]
hey guys I'm back from lectures now and
I dropped off my headphones so they're
being shipped off so that's great and
now I'm gonna go for the March for Peter
buyer who's the student from Cambridge
who's currently being detained about
charges in South Sudan if you guys I'm
sure you support for the cause it would
be really really appreciated I'm gonna
link the petition down below in the info
box please sign it it literally takes a
minute to sign it and it really makes a
difference so we'd really really
appreciate any support we can get you
don't need to be a cambridge student to
sign so yeah please please support it if
you can yeah I'm gonna head over to
March now I was involved in the campaign
for Peter and I made if you have two
posters that you know we're showing here
in Cambridge which I'm just gonna insert
here because hey I'm proud of my
creativity and a lot of work went into
them so yeah also under way I met my
friends and we just went to the sweet
shop which is literally right next to
our College which is great and we just
got these like amazing white chocolate
kind of like I don't know which hard to
describe them it's like white chocolate
and sour stuff it's just great candy
would highly recommend it so I'm just
gonna eat a few of them on the way and
then I'm gonna have lunch after to March
and after that I'm gonna use my
supervision at 5:00 so stuff sometime
probably just again just some readings
so yeah let's go and I'm back from them
right now it was about an hour and quite
a few people spoke also some of Peters
friends and it was really really great
and the MP for Cambridge also came by
and gave a short speech so yeah really
grateful that so many people showed up
despite the cold it was really really
cold and just a reminder if you guys
want to sign a petition and we would
really really appreciate it and I'll
have it linked in the infobox below
so yeah now I'm just gonna you know do a
few more readings for my supervisions
next week and I also have a meeting in
about an hour
but that should be really really short
as in college so yeah after that I'll
probably just you know go back to work
and then I have my supervision at 5:00
and I'm also having a formal tonight
with some of my friends so I will then
you know get ready and probably put my
hair up because it's a bit messy now
after to March like I can feel the knots
for me my hair
I probably just put it up because for
four months we have to dress formally
and you know like you're supposed to
that goes super fancy but like a little
bit fancy so yeah and I'm back for my
supervision and now I'm just gonna get
ready and then I'm gonna go for haul and
meet my friends and we're just gonna
have dinner there so yeah I'm just going
to change into something a bit more
formal and you know put my gown on so
that I actually you know fit the dress
code for a whole so yeah I made my down
now and I just put on you know like my
typical red jumpsuit which I basically
wear all the time for formal so yeah I'm
just gonna go now and I hope I can film
a bit off the hall for you guys I'll
definitely try so yeah let's see if I
can get some footage and I just got back
from formal Hall I did manage to take a
few short clips from hall before and the
fellows came in and started dining so I
hope you guys enjoyed them and I think
that's it for this vlog since it's also
the end of the week I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog and if you guys have
any questions for me feel free to leave
them in the comments below or send me a
message for the comment section off my
blog which is linked in the infobox
below thank you guys so much for
watching have a nice day bye